# SUSHI-experiments

## About

This repository contains some experiments that demonstrate the use of SUSHI: data structures (AVL tree, doubly linked list, node caching linked list, and treemap), GanttProject, and TSAFE.

## Checking out the project

This repository contains an Eclipse project that is configured to work together with the Eclipse projects for [SUSHI](https://github.com/pietrobraione/sushi). Install SUSHI in an empty Eclipse workspace by following the instructions in the README file in the SUSHI repository. Then, import this repository in the same workspace: On the Eclipse main menu select File > Import..., in the dialog that pops up select Projects from Git, insert the URI of this repository, and when asked by a wizard for importing projects answer Import Existing Eclipse Projects.

## Fixing the paths

Before launching the experiments you must set a few configuration variables to reflect your local configuration. Under the `sushi-src` source folder you find the class `common.Settings`. Open it and edit the definitions of the `SUSHI_WORKSPACE`, `EXPERIMENTS_WORKSPACE`, `Z3_PATH`, and `JAVA8_HOME` variables to reflect the paths on your system where the sushi project (be careful, not the sushi-master project), the tardis-experiment project, the binary of the Z3 SMT solver, and the home of a Java 8 JDK are installed.

## Launching the experiments

The `sushi-src` source directory contains the launcher and the configurator classes for the experiments. The formers all have name `Run<experiment name>Accurate.java` or `Run<experiment name>Partial.java`: Just run them. The latters all have name `<experiment name>ConfiguratorAccurate.java` or `<experiment name>ConfiguratorPartial.java`. Note that an *accurate* experiment configures SUSHI so it passes JBSE a set of invariants, resulting in less, more precise traces to analyze, while a *partial* experiment provides JBSE a much weaker, but less ad-hoc, invariant than the corresponding accurate one.

The project also contains (in the `eclipse` directory) a set of Eclipse launch configurations that you can import in Eclipse and use to launch the experiments more easily:

* Sushi_AvlTree_accurate.launch for the AvlTree experiment with accurate invariants;
* Sushi_AvlTree_partial.launch for the AvlTree experiment with partial invariants;
* Sushi_DllHard.launch for the doubly linked list example;
* Sushi_GanttProject_&lt;accurate|partial&gt;.launch for the GanttProject experiment with accurate/partial invariants;
* Sushi_NodeCachingLinkedList_&lt;accurate|partial&gt;.launch for the NodeCachingLinkedList experiment with accurate/partial invariants;
* Sushi_TreeMap_&lt;accurate|partial&gt;.launch for the TreeMap experiment with accurate/partial invariants;
* Sushi_Tsafe_&lt;accurate|partial&gt;.launch for the TSAFE experiment with accurate/partial invariants.

You will also find an Eclipse launch configuration Sushi_help.launch, that launches SUSHI without parameters so it prints a help screen on the console.

## Gathering the results

All the temporary files generated by SUSHI will reside in a subdirectory of the `sushi-out/` folder that will have as name the date and time when SUSHI was launched. The generated tests will be put in the `sushi-test/` source folder (note that we do not delete the content of this directory before a run of SUSHI, so you may want to do this by yourself). Eclipse will automatically compile the generated tests so you can run them.
  